plugin/kubernetes: expose client-go internal request metrics (#5991)
miekg/coredns: plugin/kubernetes/README.md

    * `cluster_ip`
    * `headless_with_selector`
    * `headless_without_selector`

> The following are client level metrics to monitor apiserver request latency & status codes. `verb` identifies the apiserver [request type](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/api-concepts/#single-resource-api) and `url`/`host` denotes the apiserver endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The following are client level metrics to monitor apiserver request latency & status codes. `verb` identifies the apiserver [request type](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/api-concepts/#single-resource-api) and `url`/`host` denotes the apiserver endpoint.
```

> * `coredns_kubernetes_rest_client_*` - Exports kubernetes client level metrics to monitor apiserver request latency & status codes. `verb` identifies the apiserver [request type](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/api-concepts/#single-resource-api) and `url`/`host` denotes the apiserver endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following are client level metrics to monitor apiserver request latency & status codes. `verb` identifies the apiserver [request type](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/using-api/api-concepts/#single-resource-api) and `url`/`host` denotes the apiserver endpoint.
```
